Add docs for model extraction (#483)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/cubeviz/plugins.rst

    `Model Fitting <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/specviz/plugins.html#model-fitting>`_
        Specviz documentation on fitting spectral models.

As mentioned in the `specviz` documentation on model fitting, models can be accessed
in a jupyter notebook by using the following code::

    cubeviz.get_models(model_label="Model", x=10)

Where the `model_label` parameter identifies which model should be returned and the `x` and

> `y` parameters identify specifically which spaxel coordinates are to be returned. Leaving `x`
> or `y` as `None` will mean that all values are returned. Model parameters can also be accessed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`y` parameters identify specifically which spaxel fits are to be returned, for models 
applied to every spaxel using the :guilabel:`Apply to Cube` button. Leaving `x` or 
`y` as `None` will mean that the models fit to every spaxel across that axis will be 
returned. Model parameters can also be accessed
```

Author: These definitely add clarity, thank you!
